So
HRCIRTRPTRCD
Rs..100
ONE
F.100
HUNDREDRUPEES
3TREINDIA
888INDIANONJUDIGIAL8I
aTAMILNADU
386932
2
1OCT 2021
Indospave Tndustia palk bo
WaajobodputLtd.
M.Anand Kumar B.Sc.,
Sta
Vendor
DEED OF LEASE
Madhavar. Ch-60.
Lic No.10:714/37/2021
THS DEED OF LEASE Lease Deed") is made and entered into on this the 4th day of
Cell.9384178330
October,2021
BY AND BETWEEN:
IndoSpace Industrial Park Oragadam Walajabad Private LimitedCIN
U60231MH1995PTC303238),a company incorporated under the provisions of the
Companies Act 1956 and having its registered office address at One World Center (formerly
One Indiabulls Centre)11th Floor,Tower 2A,Senapati Bapat MargMumbai-400013,
Maharashtra,India, represented by Authorised Signatory, Ms. BHUVANYA P,Aadhaar
6413709 7121) pursuant to a Board Resolution dated 23.08.2021,hereinafter referred to as
the "LEssOR") (which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof,
mean and include its successors, and assigns) of the FIRST PART;
LESSOR
LESSEE
OFTH
For SANDEN VIKASYINDIA) PVT.LTD
REGISTEAR
OF
HLAJABAD
jocument No...
533
202
Gentains,
Aunorised Signatory
Steet
Registering Offic

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Duplicate 1)
R/Walajabad/Book-1/5331/2021
CERTIFICATE UNDER SECTION 16 OF THE STAMP ACT
I hereby certify that on the production of the Original instrument I have satisfied myself that the stamp duty of Rs.
2,11,100/- Stamp Duty Paid (Rupees Two Lakh Eleven Thousand One Hundred only) has been paid therefore.
Date:04/10/2021
Sub Registrar Walajabad
SUB-REGISTRAR
Presented in the office of the Sub Registrar of Walajabad and fee of  22,120/- paid at 03:02 PM on the
WALAJABAD
04/10/2021by
Left Thumb
Additions as per recitals of document
Execution admitted by
Left Thumb
Additions as per recitals of document
Claim admitted by
Left Thumb
Additions as per recitals of document
Identified By
Mr.AJAY JAIN Son of RATAN CHAND JAIN 2E/35,Ward No.11,NH-2,
Faridabad,HaryanaIndia,121001.
S331202
THESEAL
OFTHE
Velachery, Chennai, Tamil Nadu,India, 600042.
REGISTRAR
OF
Gontains
Sheets
Sheet
WALAJABAD
1/2
Registering Qfficer

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Duplicate (1)
R/Walajabad/Book-1/5331/2021
4th day of October 2021
RAJAKUMARI GANESAN
Sub Registrar
Walajabad
There is no difference between original and 1st duplicate
Compared by -Reader
Examiner
Date:04/10/2021
Sub Registrar: Walajabad
Registered as Number R/Walajabad/Book-1/5331/2021.
1608279
Date:04/10/2021
RAJAKUMARI GANESAN
Walajabad
Sub Registrar
SUB-REGISTRAR
WALAJABAD
..Sheets..
.Sheet
Contains....
Registering Officer
$6u
THESEAL
OFTHE
REGISTRAR
NALAJABAD
OF
2/2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

AND
Sanden Vikas (India)Private LimitedCIN:U45202DL1982PTC014381)a company
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956,having its registered office address
at Plot No.57Rama Road New Delhi WestDelhi 110015,Indiarepresented by its Authorized
Signatory Mr.AMIT KALRA (Aadhaar: 3953 8900 1315 pursuant to a Board Resolution dated
28.06.2021,hereinafter referred to as the LESSEEwhich expression shall unless repugnant
to the context or meaning thereof, shall mean and include the Lessee and its successors and
permitted assigns) of the SECOND PART.
The Lessor' and the Lessee' shall be individually called a Partyand collectively the
"Parties").
WHEREAS:-
A)
The Lessor is the absolute owner and is absolutely seized and possessed of land,situated at
No.165,Venpakkam Village Kunnavakkam Bus Stop, Walajabad Road,Panruti Post,Opp
Oragadam-631604,Kancheepuram-DistrictTamil Nadu,India hereinafter referred to as
the "Land).The Lessor has developed an Industrial Park and/or Logistics Park and/or
Warehouse Park, known as IndoSpace Industrial Park Oragadam II, on the Land
hereinafter referred to as the said Complexmore particularly described in Schedule-I
and as indicated in the plan annexed as Annexure-1 hereto.
B)
The Lessee is an established corporate entity engaged in the business of automotive air
conditioning manufacturing serving original equipment parts manufacturers in India and
engaged in the business of manufacturing auto and auto parts and intends to use the Unit for
industrial purposes to manufacture and store compressors, heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning unit, cooling units, evaporators, condensers hose and pipes, receiver driers,
refrigeration on wheels (hereinafter referred to as Business) and to take on lease a unit
located within the Complex for the purpose of Business.
C)
As a part of the development of the Complex, the Lessor has constructed inter alia building
No.B-200 (DTCP approved factory building no.3) on a portion of the Land bearing Survey
Nos.16/1B (part)16/5 (part and 37/3 (part in the said Complex hereinafter referred to as
the"said Building") as indicated in Annexure-1.
LESSOR
LESSEE
Ce r
For SANDEN VIKASNDI)PVT.LTD
AuthoriseSignatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

D)
The said Building comprises of inter alia a unit bearing number D admeasuring 11,769 sq
feeti.e.1093.37 sq.mtrs. carpet area,being 13,373 sq.ft. of jointly measured chargeable
area (hereinafter referred to as the Unit) more particularly described in Schedule-II and
as indicated in Annexure-1A annexed hereto.The chargeable area of 13,373 sq.ft. is
hereinafter referred to as "Chargeable Area". The Area Statement is annexed hereto as
Annexure-1B.
E)
All the activities to be undertaken by the Lessee from/at the Unit shall fall under Green
category as prescribed by the Tamil Nadu State Pollution Control Board and as per the
Environmental Clearance granted by Ministry of Environment & Forests for the said
Complex (hereinafter referred to as the Permitted Use).
The Land, Complex Building and Unit hereinafter collectively referred to as the Property
NOW THIS LEASE DEED WITNESSETH AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED AND
RECORDED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AS FOLLOWS:-
1.GRANT OFLEASE
1.1.
The Unit
In consideration of the obligation of the Lessee to make the Payments (defined herein
below) and in consideration of the terms, covenants, and conditions hereof, the Lessor
hereby leases to the Lessee the Unit, as more particularly described in Schedule Il hereto,
which the Lessee hereby accepts.
1.2.
Lease Term
1.2.1.The term of the Lease Deed shall be for a period of 5 (five years commencing from the
Lease Commencement Date (defined below).
Upon completion of improvements works as specified in Annexure-5 and as per
Annexure-6, receipt of Security Deposit as specified in Clause 2.8.1 herein below and
signing of this Lease Deed, the Lessor shall give the final handover of the Unit to the
Lessee, (hereinafter referred to as the"Lease Commencement Date)
1.2.2.The Lessee has verified the physical condition of the Unit and is satisfied with the
suitability of the Unit to conduct its Business.
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKA$YINDIA) PVT.LTD
Autorised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

1.2.3.
Expansion: The Parties shall mutually discuss and agree on the terms with respect to the
expansion area within the Building, basis availability thereof, by execution and
registration of a fresh lease deed.
1.3.
Lock-in-Period
1.3.1.
The lock-in-period shall be an initial period of 2 (two) years commencing from the Lease
Commencement Date (hereinafter referred to as the "Lock-in-Period)
1.3.2.
It is agreed between the Parties that neither Party shall be entitled to terminate the Lease
Deed during the Lock-in-Period. If the Lessee intends to terminate the Lease Deed, then
the Lessee shall have the option to do so by giving at least 03 three) months prior written
notice to the Lessor post expiry of the Lock-in-Period.
1.3.3.In case the Lessee desires to terminate the Lease Deed during the Lock-in-Period, then
the Lessee shall be required to:
a give prior written notice of 6 six months to the Lessor for the same, and
b) pay to the Lessor the Lease Rent and Payments for the un-expired Lock-in-Period
along with Lease Rent and Payment for the notice period of 6 (six months before
vacating the Unit.
2.PAYMENTS
2.1.
Lease Rent
2.1.1.
The Lessee shall be entitled to a rent free period of 02 two) months from the Lease
Commencement Date (hereinafter referred to as the Rent-Free Period). The Lessee shall
not be liable to pay the Lease Rent during the Rent-Free Period.
2.1.2.
Immediately on expiry of Rent-Free Period, the Lessee shall commence remitting the
Lease Rent to the Lessor (hereinafter referred to as the Rent Commencement Date
2.1.3.
With effect from the Rent Commencement Date, the Lessee shall pay a sum of
Rs.2,94,206/-(Rupees Two Lakhs Ninety Four Thousand Two Hundred and Six Only
calculated @ Rs.22/-(Rupees Twenty Two Only per sq.ft.plus applicable GST or any
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS
IA\PVT.LTD
Authprised'Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

other tax of similar nature as applicable from time to time) per month on the Chargeable
Area (hereinafter referred to as the Lease Rent).
2.1.4.The Lease Rent shall increase by 5%(five percent every 01 one year of the Lease Term
from the Lease Commencement Date over the last paid Lease Rent.
2.1.5.
In this Deed the term Paymentsshall mean CAM Charges, Taxes,utility charges and
any other amounts payable by the Lessee to the Lessor under this Lease Deed.
2.2.
Common Area Maintenance (CAM) Charges:
2.2.1.
Common Areasshall mean all areas including, but not limited to, parking areas,
driveways, sidewalks, loading areas, access roads, corridors, landscaping and planted
areas, utility areas like common toilets, staff toilets, facility management office etc.
within the Complex that are available for the common use of the Lessee and all other
lessees/licensees/others of various units located within the Complex.
2.2.2.
CAM Charges shall mean the amounts payable by the Lessee to the Lessor towards the
use of services, benefit and enjoyment of the amenities, utilities, in the Common Areas
which is referred to and detailed in Annexure-3.
2.2.3.
The CAM Charges will be charged at fixed pre estimated rate at Re.1.07 (Rupee One and
Paise Seven Only) per sq.ft. per month, on the Chargeable Area being Rs.14,309.11
(Rupees Fourteen Thousand Three Hundred Nine and Paise Eleven Only) plus applicable
GST (or any other tax of similar nature as applicable from time to time) per month.CAM
charges shall be paid from Lease Commencement Date.
2.2.4.
The CAM Charges shall be escalated by 5% (five percent) on the last paid CAM Charges,
every 01 (one) year of the Lease Term from the Lease Commencement Date.
2.3.
Taxes
2.3.1.
Goods and Service Tax (GST)
The Lessee shall solely bear the Goods and Service Tax GST) or any other tax that may
be existing as on date or may be introduced/levied by the Government in future) on the
Lease Rent and Payments to be made by the Lessee to the Lessor.
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDENVIKASNINDIA) PVT.LTD

--- PAGE BREAK ---

2.3.2.Property tax
Property tax for the Unit as levied prior to the execution of this Lease Deed (existing rate)
will be borne and paid by the Lessor.If there is any increase in payment of property tax
beyond the existing rate,then such increase shall be borne and paid by the Lessor during
the Lease Term.
2.4.
Insurance:
2.4.1.
The Lessor shall maintain appropriate property insurance covering the Unit. The Lessor
may, maintain such other insurance and additional coverage as it may deem necessary.
The Complex may be included in a blanket policy in which case the cost of such
insurance allocable to the Unit will be determined by Lessor based upon the insurer's cost
calculations and related detail, if any,shall be provided to the Lessee on demand.
2.4.2.The Lessee, at its expense, shall maintain appropriate insurance adequately covering
a the full replacement cost of all the goods stock,staff,furniture fittingsmaterial stored
in the Unit and improvements installed or placed in Unit by Lessee at Lessee's expense;
(b) any other insurance as per statutory provisions applicable to the Lessee for its Business.
2.4.3.
The Lessee shall reimburse the Lessor for any increased premium or additional insurance
arising due to change in nature of goods stored by Lessee in the Unit. The Lessee shall
not do anything whereby any policy of insurance taken out by Lessor may become void
or voidable or whereby the rate of premium thereon or any part of the Unit may be
increased. If the Lessee, fails to reimburse then the Lessor shall deduct such amounts
from Security Deposit and the balance,if any,shall be recovered from the Lessee.
2.4.4.
If there is any increase in premium levied due to any legislation or regulation or by a
statutory body, then such increase shall be borne and paid by Lessor.
2.4.5.
The Lessee shall provide to the Lessor, copy of all insurance policies procured, as may
be required.
2.4.6.
The Lessor shall be entitled to the full proceeds of any insurance coverage, for damage
to either or both of the Complex and the Unit. The Lessor's duty to repair the Unit
(excluding the Lessee's property) is limited to repairing the Unit to the condition existing
immediately prior to any destruction. The Lessor shall fully restore the Unit (except
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (INDA) RVT.LTD.
Authoris
ighatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Lessor's scope of works for the unit, Lessee's fit out works and Lessee's machinery) in
case of destruction provided, the Lessee shall within 30 (thirty) days from the occurrence
of destruction, remove Lessee's goods and material from the Unit, enabling the Lessor
to carry out restoration works. In the event Lessee fails to remove its goods and material
stored in the Unit within the aforesaid time period, then the Lessor shall be entitled to
terminate this Lease Deed at its sole discretion
2.5.
Utility Charges:
The Lessee shall pay charges for electricity and water consumption and any other utility
charges and GST other applicable taxes/cess thereon, as per the bill/debit note raised by
the Lessor. In case the electricity is not being drawn through direct meter, Lessee shall
pay as per formula mentioned in Annexure-12 annexed hereto.
The Lessor shall provide permanent power upto 25 KVA for the Unit.
2.6.
Frequency of Lease Rent and Payments
2.6.1.
The Lease Rent, CAM Charges and all other payments shall be duly credited by the
Lessee to the bank account of the Lessor in advance on or before the 7th seventh) day
of each calendar month (hereinafter referred to as the Due Date).The Lessee shall pay
the Lease Rent and Payments by NEFT/RTGS in the bank account details provided by
the Lessor to the Lessee.
2.6.2.
In respect of first month from the Rent Commencement Date, the Lessee shall within
seven days from the Rent Commencement Date, make the pro-rata payment of the Lease
Rent.
The obligation of the Lessee to pay the Lease Rent and Payments to the Lessor and the
obligations of the Lessor under the Lease Deed are independent obligations.
The Lessee shall be liable to pay the Lease Rent from the Rent Commencement Date and
the Payments from the Lease Commencement Date, without demand,subject to only tax
deduction at source as per applicable statutory provisions, for which the Lessee shall
provide relevant documentary proofs of payment to the Lessor in a timely manner.
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKASNDIA) PVT.LTD

--- PAGE BREAK ---

2.7.
Payments-Delays and Defaults
If the Lessee delays/defaults in remitting Lease Rent and/or Payments either full or in
part) beyond the Due Date then, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor an interest at the rate
of 21% (twenty-one percent per annum on the outstanding amount from the Due Date
till realization. The provision for such interest shall be in addition to and without
prejudice to the rights and remedies available to the Lessor under law and in this Lease
Deed.
It is agreed that for any delayed amount received by the Lessor will be adjusted towards
the interest first and then towards the Lease Rent or other Payments as the case may be.
2.8.
Security Deposit
2.8.1.The interest free refundable security deposit on the Chargeable Area amounting to
Rs.11,76,824/-Rupees Eleven Lakhs Seventy Six Thousand Eight Hundred Twenty
Four Only),has on or before execution of this Lease Deed been deposited by the Lessee
to the Lessor (hereinafter referred to as the Security Deposit) in the following manner
(i)
The Lessee has prior to the execution of this Lease Deed, deposited with the Lessor 50%
fifty percent of Security Deposit of Rs.5,88,412/-Rupees Five Lakhs Eighty Eight
Thousand Four Hundred and Twelve Only)
(ii)
The Lessce shall simultaneously on the date of execution of this Lease Deed deposit a
balance 50% (fifty percent) ofSecurity Deposit amounting to Rs.5,88,412/-(Rupees Five
Lakhs Eighty Eight Thousand Four Hundred and Twelve Only)
2.8.2.The Security Deposit is a security for the performance of the Lessee's obligations under
the Lease Deed. The Security Deposit is not an advance deposit or a measure of the
Lessor's damages in case of Lessee's delay/default. The Lessor shall have the right to
adjust outstanding amounts payable by Lessee from the Security Deposit.
The Lessee shall not have the right to require the Lessor to adjust from the Security Deposit
any outstanding payment of Lease Rent and/or Payments due to the Lessor.
2.8.3.The Lessee agrees and confirms that the Lessee shall during the Lease Term ensure to
restore the Security Deposit to its original aggregate amount.
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (NPIA) PVT.LTD
AuthqtisesSignatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

2.8.4.The Lessor may commingle the Security Deposit with other funds of the Lessor. The
Lessor shall, 30 thirty) days prior to the expiry or termination, as the case may be, carry
out inspection of the Unit and thereafter refund the Security Deposit to the Lessee
simultaneously upon the Lessee restoring the Unit to its original condition, except normal
wear and tear, and handing over the vacant Unit to the satisfaction of the Lessor and
fulfilment of all obligations of the Lessee under the Lease Deed. The Lessor shall be
entitled to adjust all valid and lawful deductions from the Security Deposit, prior to
refund of Security Deposit, as per the terms of this Lease Deed.
2.8.5.In thc cvent the Lessor fails to refund the Security Deposit simultaneously upon the
Lessee restoring the Unit to its original condition and handing over the vacant Unit to
Lessor, in the manner stated in the clause above, then the Lessor shall pay to the Lessee
an interest at the rate of21% (twenty one Percent) per annum on such refundable Security
Deposit calculated from the date the Security Deposit becomes due till the actual date of
the refund thereof.
3.
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES ANDCOVENANTS OF THE LESSEE
The Lessee hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Lessor that:
3.1.
The Lessee shall use the Unit for the purpose of Permitted Use only and for no other
purpose whatsoever.
3.2.
The Lessee shall not at any time use/occupy or permit anyone to use/occupy the Unit
or do or permit anything to be done in the Unit and/or the Complex, in any manner that
may:-
(a)
violate term/s and condition/s of the consents, sanctions, permits, laws, rules,regulations
and, requirements of any statutory/regulatory/government/municipal authorities/local
bodies insurance policies for the Unit/Complex;
(b)
violate the Rules and Regulations governing the Complex as provided in Annexure-2
annexed hereto;
(c)
exceed the load bearing capacity of the floor, roof, walls of the Unit as communicated to
the Lessee by the Lessor
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKASNQIA) PVT.LTD
Authorised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

(d)
cause
inconvenience/nuisanceand/or disruptthe
operations of other
lessees/licensees/others of the Complex.
3.3.
The Lessee shall solely be responsible at its own expense and cost to
(i)
obtain and renew all the requisite license/s,as required, for its Business for the Permitted
Use or for its operations and submit a copy thereof to Lessor if so required
(ii)
comply with all the terms and conditions of the approvals obtained by the Lessor in
respect of the Complex/Unit, as per the list mentioned in Annexure-7 annexed hereto
and details of such terms and conditions provided by the Lessor
3.4.
The Lessee acknowledges and confirms that the Lessor has retained the right to utilize
the terrace/roof of the Unit for installing solar cells antennas, telecom towers,etc.and
towards this the Lessor may give away the terrace/roof of the Unit on rent/lease to third
parties for such purposes and uses as the Lessor may desire.
3.5.
The Lessee shall not park or store any vehicles or trailers on, or conduct truck loading
and unloading activities in the Common Areas.
3.6.
The Lessee shall not object at any time, to the changes that Lessor may carry out at its
sole discretion in respect of the size, location, nature and use of any of the Common
Areas including but not limited to closure/suspension/inconvenience of access to
Common Areas or part thereof for improvement/maintenance the Complex/Unit.
3.7.
The Lessee shall operate its Business from the Unit in strict compliance with
Environmental laws as applicable to the Complex, Unit and Lessees Business.during
the Term.
3.8.
The Lessee shall not place or keep or permit to be placed or kept in the Unit any
Hazardous Materials.The term Hazardous Materials" means and includes any offensive,
dangerous,inflammable or explosive materials, substance, waste, pollutant, or
contaminant listed or defined as hazardous or toxic, under applicable Environmental
laws.
4.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE LESSEE
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKASNDX PVT.LTD
Authsrised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

4.1.
The Lessee shall be responsible to pay directly to the Lessor or to the appropriate
service/utility providers for the services/utilities used by it. Such payments shall include
deposits of any kind, if any, to be kept with such service/utility providers. The Lessor
shall not be liable for any damage or loss directly or indirectly resulting from,nor shall
the Lease Rent be abated by reason of, any interruption of or failure to supply or delay
in supplying any such utilities and services.
4.2.
The Lessee shall be responsible and liable to give prompt notice to the Lessor of any
written notice it receives of the alleged violation and/or non-compliance of any laws,
rules, regulations, with respect to the Business and/or Permitted Use of the Unit and/or
its use and intimate the Lessor of its compliance within timeframe mentioned in such
notice.
4.3.
The Lessee shall be liable to compensate and make good any damage caused to the Unit
or the Complex and the Lessor shall in such case have exclusive right to deduct the same
from the Security Deposit.
4.4.
The Lessee shall abide by the Do's & Don'ts as provided in Annexure-4 of the Lease
Deed for maintenance of the Unit and the Complex
5.
LESSEE MADE ALTERATIONS
5.1.
The Lessee may, at its cost, carry out Lessee Made Alterations in the Unit after obtaining
prior written consent from the Lessor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The
Lessee Made Alterations shall mean i) the non-structural alterations and alterations
made in the interior of the Unit (ii repairs, replacements and maintenance of the internal
members of the Unit.
5.2.
The Lessee shall undertake the Lessee Made Alterations in the Unit adhering to the
following:
(a)
the structural integrity of the Unit shall not be affected;
.(b)
the proper functioning of the mechanical, electrical, heating, ventilating, air-
conditioning, sanitary and other service systems of the Unit/Complex shall not be
affected and the usage of such systems by the Lessee shall not be increased;
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS
SINDIAPVT.LTD
Authotised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

9.3.
The Lessee hereby expressly consents that the Lessor shall be entitled to use the name
and logo of the Lessee in its marketing and publicity material/s including but not limited
to digital, visual, print or any other medium, during the Lease Term. The Lessee has
provided to the Lessor its approved name and logo for the purpose mentioned herein, and
the Lessor shall be entitled to use the same. In the event there is any change in the name
and/or logo, then the Lessee shall promptly provide the revised name and/or logo to the
Lessor.
10.
PARKING
10.1.
The Lessee shall be entitled to park its vehicles in common with other
lessees/licensees/users/others of the Complex in those areas designated for non-reserved
parking on a first come first served'basis on the terms and conditions stipulated by the
Lessor from time to time Parking Policies.The Parking Policies is annexed as
Annexure-9 annexed hereto.
10.2.
The Lessee undertakes and confirms that the Lessee shall not fuel, defuel or repair its
vehicles or other equipments within the Complex.
11.
DESTRUCTION AND RESTORATION
11.1.
If the Unit is partially or fully destroyed/damaged such that:
(i)
its repair or restoration requires more than 180 (one hundred eighty) days
or
(ii)
its repair or restoration requires the expenditure in excess of the proceeds of insurance
recovered with respect to any destruction
(ii)
destruction occurs during the last year of the Lease Term, then, either party shall have
the option to terminate the Lease Deed upon giving the other Party prior written notice
of 30 thirty days. Such notice shall be given prior to the commencement of any
restoration of the Unit/Complex by the Lessor.
11.2.
If the whole, or any substantial portion, of the Complex is taken or acquired for any
public use under any law, and such acquiring prevents the use of the Unit by the Lessee,
the Lease Deed shall terminate effective when the physical taking of the Complex occurs.
The Lessor shall be cntitled for itself payment, which may be made in connection with
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (INOIA) PVT.LTD
Authgriseg'Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

such acquisition and the Lessee shall have no claim against the Lessor for the value of
any unexpired portion of the Lease Deed
12.
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING
12.1.
The Lessee shall not assign the benefits of this Lease Deed or mortgage, pledgeor
hypothecate its interest as a Lessee or grant any concession or license or sublet the Unit
or any part thereof without the prior written consent of the Lessor.
12.2.
In case the Lessee intends to sub-lcase or permit its intra group companies i.e. any
company directly or indirectly controlled by the Lessee (controlling meaning the
ownership of more than 50% (fifty percent of the related shares to use the Unit, then
1.
The Lessee shall take prior written consent from the Lessor,
2.
The Lessee will remain fully responsible and liable for the Payments and for compliance
with all the obligations, terms and conditions of the Lease Deed;
3.
However,no such right will be available to Lessee if the Lessee is in breach of any of its
obligation/s under the Lease Deed.
The Lessee acknowledges that the Lessor shall have absolute right to assign this Lease
Deed in favour of any party at its sole discretion without affecting/limiting the rights of
the Lessee as contained herein in this Lease Deed.
12.3.
In the event Lessor grants its consent and if the Lessee assigns, lets, sublets or create
third party rights at a Lease Rent/revenue higher than what is mentioned in Clauses 2.1
hereinabove, then the Lessor shall be entitled to receive the incremental difference from
the Lessee.
13.
INDEMNIFICATION
13.1.
The Lessee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Lessor from and against
actual losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys'fees) resulting
from:
(a)
claims
for
injury/hurt/death
to
any
person
or
for
damage
to
property/Unit/Building/Complex or theft/misappropriation or loss of property arising
from the use and occupancy of the Unit or from any act done by the Lessee in or about
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS INDA PVT.LTD
Authotis
ASignatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

the Unit or due to any other act or omission of the Lessee, its invitees, employees,
contractors and representatives;
(b)
any action brought against the Unit/Lessor for non-compliance of the applicable statutory
provisions by the Lessee.
13.2.
The Lessor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Lessee from and against
actual losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses resulting from any defect in the
title whereby the Lessee is unable to use the Unit for its Business
14.
INSPECTION AND ACCESS
14.1.
14.1.The Lessor and its agents may enter the Unit at any reasonable time to inspect the
Unit in general and to carry out such repairs as may be required to the Unit with prior
written notice to the Lessee except in case of emergency.The Lessor shall use reasonable
efforts to avoid any material disruption of the Lessee's use and operation of the
Unit/Complex.
14.2.
The Lessor shall have access to, and a right to perform inspections and tests of, the Unit
to determine if the Lessee has complied with the environmental compliance. Such
inspections and tests shall be conducted at the Lessor's expense. If inspections or tests
reveal that the Lessee has not complied with any environmental compliance, then the
Lessee shall reimburse the Lessor the actual cost of such inspection and tests.
15.
RIGHT OF SALE BY THE LESSOR
15.1.
The Lessor shall always bc entitled to sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise dispose off
the Unit/Complex or any part thereof to any person, firm company provided that such
sale, mortgage, transfer or otherwise disposal of the Unit/Complex shall not affect, in
any way whatsoever, the rights and obligations of the Lessee under this Lease Deed.
15.2.
The Lessor shall bring this Lease Deed, to the attention of any prospective purchaser/
mortgage/ assignee / transferee and include in any such deed, a clause whereby the
intending transferee/mortgagee/assignee confirms the terms of the Lease Deed and
agrees to abide by and comply with the obligations of the Lessor under the Lease Deed.
16.
EVENTOF DEFAULT
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKASNDIA) PVT.LTD
Authprisaa'Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

16.1.
Each of the following events shall be an event of default "Event of Default".Event of
Default by Lessee:
16.1.1.The Lessee failing to pay any installment of Lease Rent and/or the Payments or any other
amounts /reimbursements/costs/expenses/deficits required to be paid as per the
provisions of the Lease Deed when due.
16.1.2. In the event if the aggregate amount of Security Deposit decreases for any reason
whatsoever and if the Lessee fails or neglects to restore the same to its original amount.
16.1.3. Any proceeding admitted by court in relation to a claim against the Lessee or any
guarantor of surety of the Lessee's obligation, seeking to adjudicate the Lessee/the
guarantor/the surety as bankrupt or insolvent or seeking appointment of a receiver,
trustee, provisional liquidator, liquidator or other similar official for them or for any
substantial part of its properties.
16.1.4.Any insurance required to be maintained by the Lessee pursuant to the Lease Deed stands
terminated or expired or reduced.
16.1.5.The Lessee attempting to assign, sub-lease, mortgage or transfer any of the Lessee's
interest or create any lien or charge in respect of the Unit and/or Lease Deed except as
otherwise provided in the Lease Deed.
16.1.6.If the Lessee fails, to comply with, any of the obligations imposed on the Lessee under
the Lease Deed.
16.1.7. Any breach in the representations, covenants and warranties of the Lessee under the
Lease Deed.
16.2.
Event of Default by Lessor:
16.2.1. Any breach of representations and warranties of the Lessor as given in Clause 6 in the
Lease Deed.
16.2.2.If the Lessor fails, to comply with, the obligations of the Lessor under this Lease Deed.
17.
TERMINATION ON EVENT OF DEFAULT
17.1.
FOR THE LESSEE:
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKASWNDIA) PVT.LTD
Authorised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Upon occurrence of an Event of Default by the Lessee, the Lessor may at its discretion
terminate the Lease Deed in the manner stated herein below:
In the Event of Default, as stated in Clause 16.1 hereinabove, the Lessor shall issue a notice
to the Lessee and the Lessee shall make good the default within 30 (thirty) days from the
date of receipt of such notice of Event of Default.If the Lessee fails to do so within such
time period, then the Lessor shall be entitled to terminate the Lease Deed by giving 15
(fifteen) days termination notice to the Lessee.On expiry of such notice period, the Lease
Deed shall stand terminated
17.2.
FOR THE LESSOR:
Upon each occurrence of an Event of Default by the Lessor, the Lessee may terminate the
Lease Deed in the manner stated herein below:
In the Event of Default, as stated in Clause 16.2 hereinabove the Lessee shall issue a
notice to the Lessor and the Lessor shall make good the default within 30 (thirty) days
from the date of receipt of such notice of Event of Default. If the Lessor fails to do so
within such time period, then the Lessee shall be entitled to terminate the Lease Deed by
giving 15 (fifteen) days termination notice to the Lessor.On expiry of such notice period,
the Lease Deed shall stand terminated.
18.
TERMINATION:
This Lease Deed shall stand terminated/earlier determined as follows:
(i)
on expiry of the Lease Term due to efflux of time
(i)
on expiry of the respective period/s set out in the termination notice/s issued by the
Lessor/Lessee due to Event of Default as stated in Clauses 16 and 17 hereinabove;
(ii)
Lessee may give 3 (three months prior written notice to the other party of its intention
to terminate the Lease Deed after expiry of the Lock-in-Period of the Lease Term.
19.
CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION:
19.1.
The Lessee shall on the expiry of the Lease Term or sooner determination thereof,
forthwith
(i)
stop the use ofthe Unit and remove all its equipments, employees,representatives, agents
therefrom. The Lessee shall restore the improvement works (including any specific
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (INQIA PVT.LTD
AuthorisedSignatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

shall be entitled to carry out restoration at the expense and cost of the Lessee which shall
the Lessee.
(ii)
(ii)
vacate and handover possession of the Unit.
19.2.
Upon the expiry or earlier determination of the Lease Deed, if the Lessee fails to vacate
and handover the Unit to the Lessor, then it shall be lawful for the Lessor, without formal
demand or notice of any kind, to re-enter the Unit and to remove the Lessee and all
persons and property therefrom. If the Lessor re-enters the Unit in the aforesaid
circumstance, then the Unit along with its materials, equipments and goods and shall be
deemed to be abandoned by the Lessee and treated as Lessor's property.Consequently,
the Lessee shall not be entitled to claim any right, title, interest in respect thereof.
19.3.
If the Lessor terminates the Lease Deed due to any of the Events of Default, the Lessor
shall be entitled to and the Lessee shall be liable to pay the following
(1)
the Lease Rent the Payments and all other amounts accrued under the Lease Deed till
the expiry of the notice period as mentioned in Clause 18(ii) above including the mutually
agreed liquidated damages as specified in this Lease Deed,
(2)
the Lease Rent equivalent to the balance Lock in Period,
(3)
costs of removing, disposing off and storing the Lessee's property from the Unit and
(4)
repairing altering remodeling, or otherwise putting the Unit into condition acceptable
to a new lessee/licensee/others for the damage caused by the Lessee,
(5)
forfeiture of Security Deposit.
19.4.
In case any Event of Default committed by the Lessee is not rectified by the Lessee
within the time period provided herein, then the Lessor shall be entitled to enter the Unit
during business hours for the purpose of showing the Unit to prospective
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS(WDIAPVT.LTD
Authorised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

improvement works undertaken for Lessee at their request) to its original condition save
and except normal wear and tear. In the event the Lessee fails to do so, then the Lessor
shall be entitled to carry out restoration at the expense and cost of the Lessee which shall
be deducted from the Security Deposit and the balance, if any, shall be recovered from
the Lessee.
(ii)
subject to Clause 5.2 hereinabove restore the Unit to the original condition at its sole
cost, charges and expenses (save and except normal wear and tear) and
(ii)
vacate and handover possession of the Unit.
19.2.
Upon the expiry or earlier determination of the Lease Deed,if the Lessee fails to vacate
and handover the Unit to the Lessor, then it shall be lawful for the Lessor, without formal
demand or notice of any kind, to re-enter the Unit and to remove the Lessee and all
persons and property therefrom. If the Lessor re-enters the Unit in the aforesaid
circumstance, then the Unit along with its materials, equipments and goods and shall be
deemed to be abandoned by the Lessee and treated as Lessor's property.Consequently,
the Lessee shall not be entitled to claim any right, title, interest in respect thereof.
19.3.
If the Lessor terminates the Lease Deed due to any of the Events of Default, the Lessor
shall be entitled to and the Lessee shall be liable to pay the following
(1)
the Lease Rent, the Payments and all other amounts accrued under the Lease Deed till
the expiry of the notice period as mentioned in Clause 18(ii) above including the mutually
agreed liquidated damages as specified in this Lease Deed,
(2)
the Lease Rent equivalent to the balance Lock in Period
(3)
costs of removing,disposing off and storing the Lessee's property from the Unit and
(4)
repairing,alteringremodeling, or otherwise putting the Unit into condition acceptable
to a new lessee/licensee/others for the damage caused by the Lessee,
(5)
forfeiture of Security Deposit
,19.4.
In case any Event of Default committed by the Lessee is not rectified by the Lessee
within the time period provided herein, then the Lessor shall be entitled to enter the Unit
during business hours for the purpose of showing the Unit to prospective
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (NDIA PVT.LTD
Authorised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

C.
In sum and substance the foreign Anti-Bribery and Corruption laws i.e. United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA),United Kingdom Bribery Act UKBA) and
The Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (CFPOA)
The Lessee agrees and confirms that it or any associated person/third party has not made,
offered,paid,promised or authorized, and will not make,offer,pay,promise or authorize,
or commit any act, including but not limited to gifts or anything of value directly or
indirectly, to influence a decision or gain an improper or unfair advantage in promoting,
enhancing or retaining business for the work/business dealing for the Lessor. This
includes obtaining licenses or regulatory approvals, preventing negative government
actions, reducing taxes, avoiding duties or customs fee, or blocking a competitor from
bidding on business.
Gifts or other considerations (including cash) may be construed as bribes and may be to
public officials or private parties.
The Lessee agrees and undertakes that it shall maintain accurate books and records
pertaining to this agreement.
The Lessee also agrees and undertakes to provide all information related to any potential
violation of the above laws, if it happens, and shall allow Lessor or any third party,who
will be under non-disclosure agreement with the Lessor, appointed and authorized by
Lessor to audit its books and records, if any such incident happens.
The Lessee also undertakes that it will make sure that the staff or team members or
associated persons who will be performing the said agreement will comply with Lessor's
Anti Bribery and Corruption Policy and Code of Conduct Policy referred as Policies'
in sum and substance, which its staff, team members and associated persons performing
the said Agreement have read, understood and signed in acknowledgement and will not
violate Lessor's Policies or any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. If there is any non-
compliance by any team member of Lessor's Policies while executing the assignment the
Lessee shall be responsible and liable for the same.
21.
WAIVER
The Parties agree that failure, relaxation, indulgence, concession, giving time or
forbearance or waiver by Lessor to enforce its rights pursuant to the Lease Deed or at
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (NDIA) PVT.LTD
AuthbriseSignatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

law or in equity, shall not be a waiver of Lessor's right to enforce one or more of its
rights in connection with any subsequent default.
A receipt by the Lessor of the Lease Rent Payments (whether with or without knowledge
of the breach of any covenant hereof) shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach.
22.
STAMPING AND REGISTRATION
The stamp duty, registration charges, consultant fee and incidental expenses payable in
respect of this Lease Deed shall be borne and paid solely by the Lessee.
The Parties shall attend the Office of Sub-Registrar of Assurances to admit the cxecution
of Lease Deed within the time period provided by law.The Lessor shall retain the original
Lease Deed and the Lessee shall retain the counterpart of the same.
23.
RELATIONSHIP
Nothing in the Lease Deed shall constitute a partnership or association of persons or a
relationship of principal or agent between any of the Parties.
24.
NO TENANCY RIGHTS
The Lease Deed is strictly of contractual nature and no tenant landlord relationship is being
created by the Lease Deed, and/or intended to be created between the Lessor and the
Lessee.The Lessee shall not claim any protection under the provisions of Tamil Nadu
Buildings (Lease and Rent Control)Act, 1960,or under any statute prevailing from time
to time. Further, the Lessee shall not have any claim of tenancy or any other right or title
into or in respect of the Unit or any part or portion thereof save and except the right to
occupy the Unit temporarily as Lessee during the validity of the Lease Term.
25.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Lease Deed constitutes the complete agreement of the Lessor and the Lessee with
respect to the subject matter hereof. The Lease Deed shall supersede any and all prior
understanding,writings, agreements, communication oral or written,by the Lessor or the
Lessee.
The Lease Deed may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by both
the Parties hereto.
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (NDA) PVT.LTD.
Authorised Signatory
22

--- PAGE BREAK ---

26.
SURVIVAL
All obligations (including but not limited to indemnity,insurance, Payments that are not
fully performed by the Lessee shall survive the expiry/termination of the Lease Term.
27.
SEVERABILITY
If any clause or provision of the Lease Deed is illegal, invalid or unenforceable under
present or future laws, then and in that event, it is the intention of the Parties hereto that
the remainder of this Lease Deed shall not be affected thereby
28.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
The Lease Deed shall be governed by the laws of India and the Courts of Tamil Nadu will
have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the
Lease Deed.
29.
NOTICES
Any notice or other communication required to be sent under the Lease Deed shall be sent
or delivered to the receiving Party at the address set forth on the first page, or at such
other address as the Parties may from time to time designate in writing.Any notice,
demand or other communication so addressed to the other Party shall be deemed to have
been delivered: (i) if sent by hand delivery, shall be deemed to have been delivered on
the date on which it has been received at such address (ii) if sent by pre-paid local post
5(five) Business Days after the date of posting;(iii) if sent by facsimile transmission or
electronic transmission (during business hours of the receiver then shall be deemed to
have been delivered on receipt of confirmation of such notice by the receiver or
commencement of working hours of the next business day subject to the same being
followed by the physical copy of such notice being sent on the same day.
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS INQIA PVT.LTD
AuthorisedSignatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SCHEDULEI
(The Land)
All that piece and parcel of land comprising of Survey Nos.13/1B1A,13/1B1B part13/1B2A
part13/1B2Bpart37/1part37/2Apart37/6part37/7part13/2A1A213/2A1A3A
13/2A1/3B13/2A1A413/2A1B13/2A2A13/2A2B13/2A1/3B13/2-B1A14/113/2-B1B
13/2-B1C13/2-B1D13/2-B1E13/2-B1F13/2-B1G13/2-B1H13/2B214/2-A15/1A15/3
16/1A16/437/2B part16/514/2-B15/1B15/416/1B37/316/2A15/515/214/3-A
14/3-B16/2B37/5A37/5Bpart17part19/1A19/218/118/218/318/718/4B18/4A
20/120/2 part20/3B part20/4 part20/5 part20/3A19/318/5,20/618/6A18/6B
18/6C32/1 part33/1 part33/2 part32/3part32/4 part32/2A32/2B21/331/1A
31/3,31/4 and 23 situated at No.165,Venpakkam Village,Kunnavakkam Bus Stop,Walajabad
RoadPanruti Post Opp.Oragadam-631604Kancheepuram-DistrictTamil NaduIndia.
SCHEDULEII
(The Unit)
Unit No.Din the Building No.B-200, DTCP approved factory building no.3) admeasuring
13,373 sq.ft.of chargeable area being 11,769 sq.ft.equivalent to 1093.37 sq.mts.of carpet area
constructed on inter alia Land bearing Survey nos.16/1B part)16/5part and 37/3part owned
under (i Sale Deed bearing registration no.3061/2010 dated June 21,2010 (ii Sale Deed bearing
registration no.4663/2011 dated August 03,2011 and (iii) Sale Deed bearing registration no.
1838/2011 dated March 23,2011 situated at No.165,Venpakkam Villagc,Kunnavakkam Bus
Stop,Walajabad RoadPanruti Post,Opp.Oragadam-631604Kancheepuram-DistrictTamil
Nadu, India and bounded as;
On or towards North : Internal partition followed by B200 C
On or towards South : Internal partition followed by B200 E
On or towards East : Internal road followed by plot boundary
On or towards West : Internal road followed by drive ways
LESSOR
LESSEE
For SANDEN VIKAS (NDM)PVT.LTD
Authbrised Signatory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,Lessor and Lessee have executed the Lease Deed as of the day and
year first above written.
For SANDEN VIKAS (INDA)PVT.LTD
AuthotisedSignatory
LESSOR:
LESSEE:
IndoSpace Industrial Park
Oragadam Walajabad
Private Limited
Sanden Vikas (India) Private Limited
Name:Mr.Bhuvanya P
Name:Mr.Amit Karla
Authorised Signatory
Authorised Signatory
Witnesses;
[SINDHUJA]
D/o.Padmanaban
No.59th StreetTansi Nagar
Velachery,Chennai 600 042
[Aadhaar:6872 4796 8255
2.
AXAy JAIN]
Slo.Ratan chand Jain
2E/35WAND1NH-2
FaridabadHaryana-121o0l.
[Aadnaar:3863 54534813]
Drafted by:
Shyam B,Advocate
Enroll No.Ms.2567/2011
Office No.5First FloorPrince Plaza
No.46Pantheon Road EgmoreChennai 600 008
Ph:+91 86680 58578; email: adv.shyamb@gmail.com